Update tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode.md (#13773)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-physical-import-mode.md

2. TiDB Lightning creates table schemas in the target database and fetches the metadata.

>     If you set `add-index-by-sql` to `true`, `tidb-lightning` adds indexes via the SQL interface, and drops all secondary indexes from the target table before importing the data.The default values is `false`,maintaining consistency with previous versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you set `add-index-by-sql` to `true`, `tidb-lightning` adds indexes via the SQL interface, and drops all secondary indexes from the target table before importing the data. The default values is `false`, wich is consistent with earlier versions.
```
